--------------------
Papercut News Server
--------------------

Papercut is a news server written in 100% pure Python. It is intended to be 
extensible to the point where people can develop their own 'plug-ins' and by
that integrate the NNTP protocol to their applications.

The server is compliant with most of the RFC0977 standards (when they make sense
and are needed) and implements a lot of RFC1036 and RFC2980 extensions to the
NNTP protocol. It was used against Netscape News, Mozilla News and tin (under
Solaris) and it works properly.

The original need for this server was to integrate my PHP related web site
forums with an NNTP gateway interface, so people could list and read the 
messages posted to the forums on their favorite News reader. The software on 
this case was Phorum (http://phorum.org) and the site is PHPBrasil.com 
(http://phpbrasil.com). At first it wasn't intended to support message posting,
but it made sense to allow it after seeing how effective the tool was.

The concept of 'backends' was created exactly for this. I would create a Python
class to handle the inner-workins of Phorum and MySQL and if I ever wanted to
integrate the server with another type of software, I would just need to write 
a new 'backend' class.

Anyway, back to the technical praise. Papercut is multi-threaded and should be
reasonably fast (that means basically: 'it's pretty fast, but don't try serving
1000 connection at a time). The best thing about it is that it is very simple to
extend it.

It is licensed under the BSD license, which means you can sell it or do whatever
you like with it. However, I ask that if you think Papercut is a good tool and
you made a few enhancements to it or even fixed some bugs, please send us a 
patch or something. I appreciate it :)

Oh yeah, if you liked the tool and you would want to extend it (i.e. create new
'backends' or even add new features) but you don't know how to, I can provide
consulting services based on Papercut and NNTP. Just visit my consulting 
company web site (http://impleo.net) and get in touch with me.

-- Joao Prado Maia (jpm@impleo.net)
